[lit-next] Add compatibility with scoped registries (#1547)
Polymer/lit-html: packages/labs/scoped-registry-mixin/README.md

# @lit-labs/scoped-registry-mixin

> `UseScopedRegistry` mixin for `LitElement` that integrates with the speculative [Scoped CustomElementRegistry polyfill](https://github.com/webcomponents/polyfills/tree/master/packages/scoped-custom-element-registry).

Reviewer: "Use" just sounds a lot like React hooks to me now. Is there another name that works?

Author: what about `withScopedRegistry`?

Reviewer: I prefer mixins to be named like classes with capitalized noun phrases, since it represents a type like a class. I'd suggest something like `ScopedRegistryHost`.

Author: oh, right, my mistake. I agree. I prefer capitalized names for mixins too.

`ScopedRegistryHost` looks good to me.

Author: done

> 🚨 **Warning: Scoped Custom Element Registries is a speculative browser API that has not shipped and may change.** This mixin is provided to evaluate the spec proposal and provide feedback. **Use this feature and the polyfill in production code at your own risk.**

Reviewer: Rather than "speculative browser API" I'd say that it's a proposal.

```suggestion
🚨 **Warning: Scoped Custom Element Registries is a proposed browser API. It has not been finalized nor shipped in any browser.** This mixin is provided to evaluate the proposal and facilitate feedback. **Use this feature and the polyfill in production code at your own risk.**
```

Author: done

## Overview

> The [Scoped Custom Element Registries](https://github.com/WICG/webcomponents/blob/gh-pages/proposals/Scoped-Custom-Element-Registries.md) WICG proposal introduces new APIs for scoping custom elements to ShadowRoots, such that the tagName-to-custom element class mapping is local per Shadow Root.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [Scoped Custom Element Registries](https://github.com/WICG/webcomponents/blob/gh-pages/proposals/Scoped-Custom-Element-Registries.md) WICG proposal introduces new APIs for scoping custom element definitions to shadow roots, such that the mapping of tag names to custom element class doesn't rely on a single global registry.

When new elements are created within a shadow root with a scoped custom element registry, the browser will use the scoped registry rather than the global registry to look up custom element definitions. When using a scoped element registry, all used custom element elements must be defined within that scope.

`UseScopedRegistry` adds the following features to LitElement:
1. Automatically creates a scoped CustomElementRegistry for the class
2. Provides sugar for defining custom elements in the scoped registry
3. Passes the registry to `attachShadow()` to enable scoping
4. Passes the shadow root to lit-html to create DOM within the scope
```

Author: done

> A speculative polyfill exists at [Scoped CustomElementRegistry polyfill](https://github.com/webcomponents/polyfills/tree/master/packages/scoped-custom-element-registry). This package introduces a `UseScopedRegistry` mixin that may be applied to `LitElement`, used in conjunction with this polyfill, to register local tag-class mappings for a given element.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A speculative [Scoped CustomElementRegistry polyfill](https://github.com/webcomponents/polyfills/tree/master/packages/scoped-custom-element-registry) is being developed. Because the proposal is not implemented natively, `UseScopedRegistry` requires the polyfill.
```

Author: done

## Usage

The mixin adds a declarative `static scopedElements` property for declaring the custom elements to be scoped locallay to its Shadow DOM.

Basic usage is as follows:

```js
import {LitElement, html} from 'lit';
import {UseScopedRegistry} from '@lit-labs/scoped-registry-mixin';

import {SimpleGreeting} from './simple-greeting.js';

class ScopedComponent extends UseScopedRegistry(LitElement) {
  // Elements here will be registered against the tag names provided only
  // in the shadow root for this element

>   static scopedElements = {

Reviewer: I would consider renaming `scopedElements` to `elementDefinitions`. The word "scoped" doesn't actually appear in any of the API names for the proposal. It's just CE definitions applied to a shadow root.

Author: done
